main.scss should start with: @charset 'UTF-8';

Commenting should be used liberally. Use online except for those preceding rulesets. Use /// for each line.

Two (2) spaces indents, no tabs, lines maximum 80 characters.

Strings should always be wrapped with single quotes ('). Double quotes if embedded single quotes.

Numbers less than 1 should have leading zero. No trailing zeros.

Use units unless the value is 0.

Wrap calculations in parentheses.

Use HSL and variable names for colors.

Wrap lists in parentheses with each item on a line ending in a comma.

Maps should have a space after colon followed by a paren if a list with closing paren on own line followed by a semicolon. Quoted keys.

Rulesets should have an opening brace ({) spaced from the last selector by a single space. Each declaration on its own new line followed by a semicolon. Closing brace on its own line followed by a blank line. Rulesets should be preceded with C-style comments explaining the ruleset with each action of the ruleset noted along with its declaration.

Declarations should be ordered by group and then alphabetically within the group. Group order is dimensions, position, overflow and whitespace, coloring, font.

Nesting should be limited and no more than 3 levels. Psuedo elements and classes should be nested.

BEM naming should be used. And all names should be lowercase and hyphen delimited.

Constants should be all caps and underscore delimited.


A primary palette: colors most widely used across all screens and components.
An accent palette: colors used for the floating action button and interactive elements.
A warn palette: colors used to convey error state.
A foreground palette: colors for text and icons.
A background palette: colors used for element backgrounds.
    '--background': '#EFF0F4',
    '--on-background': '#0F0F0F',
    '--primary': '#389BFF',
    '--on-primary': '#fff',
    '--secondary': '#B2B4B7',
    '--on-secondary': '#fff',
    '--surface': '#fff',
    '--on-surface': '#0F0F0F',
    '--error': '#EB5945',
    '--on-error': '#fff',
    '--warning': '#F6BB42',
    '--on-warning': '#fff'
    
    
    
